Skip to main content Home Getting Started Guides Connections Unify Engage Privacy Protocols Segment App API Partners Glossary Help Product Updates Back to Segment.com Search the Segment documentation Login Sign Up Segment Documentation Learn how to use Segment to collect, responsibly manage, and integrate your customer data with hundreds of tools. Getting started with Segment Learn about Segment, plan and work through a basic implementation, and explore features and extensions. How can Segment help you? Simplify data collection Integrate the tools you need for analytics, growth, marketing, and more. Protect data integrity Prevent data quality issues with a tracking schema and enforcement with Protocols. Personalize experiences Build audiences and journeys from real-time customer data to personalize experiences on every channel. Respect users' privacy Keep customer data private with Segment's data discovery and policy enforcement tools. Get Data into Segment The Segment Spec helps you identify, capture, and format meaningful data for use with Segment libraries and APIs as well as downstream tools. Segment calls Use Track, Page, Identify, and other Segment tracking calls. Common traits Save time by letting Segment calls collect information for you. Use case specs Use our business-case specs to ensure that your tools get the most from your data. Learning about Segment Segment for Developers The basics of your Segment implementation. How-To Guides Over a dozen how-to guides that help you accomplish common tasks. Connect your app to Segment JavaScript Swift All other Sources Additional Resources Totally new to Analytics? Segment's Analytics Academy walks you through the wide world of analytics, including best practices, an overview of the most popular tools, and case studies of how other developers have achieved success. Want more hands-on guidance? For a more hands-on tutorial of Segment, check out Segment University. It offers step-by-step instructions, starting with first steps and going through some of our more advanced features. Need support? Questions? Problems? Need more info? Contact Segment Support for assistance! Visit our Support page Help improve these docs! Edit this page Request docs change Was this page helpful? Yes No Get started with Segment Segment is the easiest way to integrate your websites & mobile apps data to over 300 analytics and growth tools. Your work e-mail Request Demo Create free account Product Connections Protocols Twilio Engage Integrations Catalog Pricing Security GDPR For Developers Documentation Segment API Build on Segment Open Source Engineering Team Company Careers Blog Press FTFY Podcast Events Support Help Center Contact us Resources Recipes Security Bulletins Become a Partner ©2025 Segment.io, Inc. Privacy Terms Website Data Collection Preferences
